>> Mike North: Let's talk
a little bit about this
example project that you checked out.
And part of the reason that Steve and I
spent so much time building this thing was
a lot of the example PWA apps out
there are really rudimentary.
It's almost like TodoMVC, in a PWA sense.
And the whole point of building rich
experiences like this is you should be
able to do something that's
a little bit complex, right?
That maybe it holds some state,
and the user can go offline and
they can still do almost everything
that they were able to do while online.
They should be able to reconnect to
the Internet and sync their data, and
they should be able to get notifications.
We're not looking just to make
a fast booting, single-page app.
We're looking to do things
that specifically were
just not possible in classic
web application land.
And we're gonna do, not just one or
two things, not just, it works offline but
it's still mostly just a web app, we're
gonna hit all of those different boxes.
So this will feel like where those
superhero abilities can be taken
advantage of.
This will feel like a native app.
And the idea here, if you've ever used
something like Instacart or a grocery
delivery service of sorts, you have
different categories of groceries here.
And you can add some stuff to a cart and
increase the quantity and
you can see a total price.
And then you can check out and
at that point,
the contents of your cart become
an order that has been placed.
And there are entire businesses
that are a much prettier,
richer-looking version of this.
But it involves holding state.
It involves retrieving data from an API.
It involves pre-fetching a lot
of stuff in the background.
So some of these categories have
hundreds of grocery items, and
we don't wanna download 600 or
700 images in advance just so that we
can take advantage of them offline.
So we're going to really pour a heaping
helping of PWA sauce on this thing.
And what we're starting with is
really a classic, single-page app.
This one happens to be built with React,
but
the intent is that it's sort
of a generic view layer.
You're not going to be
touching the components.
We're gonna be working exclusively
in vanilla JavaScript modules.
So the only thing that you really need
to know is JavaScript fundamentals.
And we may introduce a couple concepts,
like if you're not used to promises, we're
gonna dive into those pretty deeply just
to make sure everyone's on the same page.
But other than that, you should see
this app evolve from a conventional
2011 style mobile web experience to
something that when you show people,
they will not believe that this is
purely built using web technology.
We're gonna touch so many different areas.
And if you can't tell,
I am super excited to be able to guide
you through this non-trivial example.
If you don't, like listening to
all of the wishes you had for
things that could be done in the browser,
if you don't get to have a little
taste of something that gives you new
ideas about the way you could take
your product in a new direction,
we have not done our job properly.
I mean, we're tasting the whole
buffet here of PWA technologies.